# TriviaGame

For this homework project, we had to create a themed trivia quiz with interactivity for the user, including a countdown timer, radio buttons (or only one answer that an user can give), and having the results show whether the user clicks on the submit button or the timer runs out.  My thought process for this game was to pseudo code the layout of the page and the necessary variables, functions and other aspects that I would need.  Then I chose to do a sports themed quiz with a simple html form layout and radio buttons, and cooresponding CSS to match the color and feel I was looking for.  Also buttons were added so that there was the ability for the user to 'start', 'submit' answers, and 'restart' the game, and lastly, javascript was added to aid in the interactivity of the game.

Using HTML and CSS I was able to create the feel of the quiz that I wanted, and then coded out the rest of the project from there in javascript.  The few rough patches I hit with this project was to collect the values from the radio buttons, and then having the correct score (in the right format) to show up once the time ran out or user submitted their answers.  Some help came from sites like StackOverflow, but collecting values from radio buttons are able to be done in various ways, so the most help I had was sitting down with Bryan and Aaron after class.  Also, most of the help for the timer and buttons actually came from our past class activities.  The other tough part of the coding of this project was sometimes mixing up javascript and jquery code on my js page.  In the future I will keep in mind both aspects of javascript and js to keep pages loading faster, and to keep my code uniform.